BUI - Rename background surface tokens to neutral tokens (#32723)
backstage/backstage: docs-ui/src/app/tokens/page.mdx

## Core background colors

These colors are used for the background of your application. We are mostly using for now a

> single elevated background for panels. `--bui-bg-neutral-0` should mostly use as the main background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
single elevated background for panels. `--bui-bg-neutral-0` should mostly be used as the main background
```
